of all the cities in the world Las Vegas
Nevada is one of the most visited it is
the fastest growing city of its size in
the United States home to 17 of the top
20 world's largest hotels about an
hour's drive north east is the city of
Mesquite Nevada mesquite is the fastest
growing US city of its size home to six
Championship golf courses as well as a
growing list of beautiful resorts with
luxurious pools spas and action-packed
casinos a five-minute drive over the
Arizona Nevada border brings us to the
new community of scenic Arizona scenic
sits atop the Bonneville aquifer an
abundant source of pure water with all
freshly paved roads scenic is primed for
explosive growth the two plots of land
highlighted in green are for sale both
parcels have on-site water wells and
would require minimal grading the first
parcel is 38 acres the front 300 feet on
the pavement is zoned for commercial use
with the remainder being approved for an
RV resort the second parcel is 80 acres
approved for commercial use but would be
ideal for either commercial or
residential development in addition to
being near Las Vegas in mesquite scenic
is also only a short drive away from
Zion National Park a beautiful place to
hike camp and sightsee just a little
further is bryce canyon national park
one of the most beautiful parks in the
world just south is the kaibab National
Forest where you can camp fish and
observe wildlife and let's not forget
the majestic Grand Canyon one of the
seven wonders of the natural world
please contact the number on the screen
if interested in either or both parcels
of land